`@withease/redux` - async setup (#73)
igorkamyshev/withease: .changeset/thick-terms-hear.md

---
'@withease/redux': minor
---

> This PR adds a new overload for the `createReduxIntegration` - without explicit `reduxStore`, which allows you to pass the Store via `setup` event later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a new overload for the `createReduxIntegration` - without explicit `reduxStore`, which allows you to pass the Store via `setup` _Event_ later.
```
